README.markdown, before:

gem-browse
==========

Open a library file you can require in your editor.  That's it.

    gem edit active_support/all
    gem edit rake/task thor/task
    gem edit -e mvim fileutils

Actually that's not it.  You can also open a gem by name.

    gem open bundler

Your editor's current working directory will be the root of the gem.

I almost forgot.  You can also clone a gem from GitHub.

    gem clone rails
    gem clone -d ~/src capybara

And you can tell it to open the gem in your editor afterwards.

    gem clone -o rack
    gem clone -oe mvim -d /tmp gem-browse

This one doesn't work if the neither the homepage nor the source code
URL point back at GitHub.

That's really it.  I mean other than the command that lets you open a
gem's homepage in your browser.  You know, the command this gem is named
after.

    gem browse sprockets

Installation
------------

RubyGems 1.8 is required to use `gem edit`, but the other commands will
work on any version that supports RubyGems plugins.

    gem install gem-browse

If you're using RVM, you can put it in the global gemset (relax, it has
no dependencies):

    echo gem-browse >> ~/.rvm/gemsets/global.gems
    rvm @global gem install gem-browse

Protip:  Install [gem-ctags](https://github.com/tpope/gem-ctags) to
automatically invoke [Ctags](http://ctags.sourceforge.net/) on gems as
they are installed.

Contributing
------------

Don't submit a pull request with [an ugly commit
message](http://stopwritingramblingcommitmessages.com) or I will ignore
your patch until I have the energy to politely explain my zero tolerance
policy.

License
-------

Copyright (c) Tim Pope.  MIT License.

Commit message:

Add information on how to set a custom browser to open up gems homepages

README.markdown, after:

gem-browse
==========

Open a library file you can require in your editor.  That's it.

    gem edit active_support/all
    gem edit rake/task thor/task
    gem edit -e mvim fileutils

Actually that's not it.  You can also open a gem by name.

    gem open bundler

Your editor's current working directory will be the root of the gem.

I almost forgot.  You can also clone a gem from GitHub.

    gem clone rails
    gem clone -d ~/src capybara

And you can tell it to open the gem in your editor afterwards.

    gem clone -o rack
    gem clone -oe mvim -d /tmp gem-browse

This one doesn't work if the neither the homepage nor the source code
URL point back at GitHub.

That's really it.  I mean other than the command that lets you open a
gem's homepage in your browser.  You know, the command this gem is named
after.

    gem browse sprockets

To set the browser it should open up gem's homepages you can set it on your
global gitconfig.

    git config --global web.browser google-chrome

Installation
------------

RubyGems 1.8 is required to use `gem edit`, but the other commands will
work on any version that supports RubyGems plugins.

    gem install gem-browse

If you're using RVM, you can put it in the global gemset (relax, it has
no dependencies):

    echo gem-browse >> ~/.rvm/gemsets/global.gems
    rvm @global gem install gem-browse

Protip:  Install [gem-ctags](https://github.com/tpope/gem-ctags) to
automatically invoke [Ctags](http://ctags.sourceforge.net/) on gems as
they are installed.

Contributing
------------

Don't submit a pull request with [an ugly commit
message](http://stopwritingramblingcommitmessages.com) or I will ignore
your patch until I have the energy to politely explain my zero tolerance
policy.

License
-------

Copyright (c) Tim Pope.  MIT License.
